Cleanup links (#535)
foundriesio/docs: source/user-guide/lmp-device-auto-register/lmp-device-auto-register.rst

Creating Token
--------------

> Go to `Tokens <https://app.foundries.io/login?next=%2Fsettings%2Ftokens%2F>`_ and create a new **Api Token** by clicking on

Author: ```suggestion
Go to `Tokens <https://app.foundries.io/settings/tokens>`_ and create a new **Api Token** by clicking on
```
